Update RELEASE_NOTE.md with AI data mapper information (#8995)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.9.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

#### AI Assisted Data Mapper

> - Introduced a new experimental feature in VSCode pluggin to generate simple mappings automaticaly in the data mapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new experimental feature in the VS Code plugin for the data mapper to generate simple mappings automatically.
```
